[FLINK-16758][docs] Port StateFun Documentation to Jekyll (#73)
apache/flink-statefun: docs/README.md

> This README gives an overview of how to build and contribute to the documentation of Apache Flink.

Reviewer: Could you rename the mentions of `Apache Flink` here as appropriate to mention `Stateful Functions` instead?
In general the references in this README needs to be adjusted.

```suggestion
This README gives an overview of how to build and contribute to the documentation of Stateful Functions.
```

> The documentation is included with the source of Apache Flink in order to ensure that you always

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The documentation is included with the source of Stateful Functions in order to ensure that you always
```
